### 10.07.2020

### Investigate a Relational Database

### Description

This project queries the Sakila DVD Rental database. The Sakila Database holds information about a company that rents movie DVDs. The queries in this project are tailored for the purpose of gaining an understanding of the customer base, such as what the patterns in movie watching are across different customer groups, how they compare on payment earnings, and how the stores compare in their performance.

### Question Sets

1. How does the length of rental duration of these family-friendly movies compare to the duration that all movies are rented for. Provide a table with the movie titles and divide them into 4 levels (first_quarter, second_quarter, third_quarter, and final_quarter) based on the quartiles (25%, 50%, 75%) of the rental duration for movies across all categories. Make sure to also indicate the category that these family-friendly movies fall into.

2. Provide a table with the family-friendly film category, each of the quartiles, and the corresponding count of movies within each combination of film category for each corresponding rental duration category. The resulting table should have three columns: Category, Rental length category, Count

3. Find out how the two stores compare in their count of rental orders during every month for all the years we have data for. Write a query that returns the store ID for the store, the year and month and the number of rental orders each store has fulfilled for that month. Your table should include a column for each of the following: year, month, store ID and count of rental orders fulfilled during that month.

4. Who were the top 10 paying customers, how many payments did they make on a monthly basis during 2007, and what was the amount of the monthly payments? Write a query to capture the customer name, month and year of payment, and total payment amount for each month by these top 10 paying customers.

### Presentation Requirements

Slide Deck (4 slides)
Text File with SQL queries
Your presentation should include:

Four slides
One question on each slide
One visualization (graph / chart / table) per slide
A 1-2 sentence answer to the question, based on the data and visualization, on each slide
Indicate which code in the attached text file was used to create the visualization OR add the query used to generate the visualization.

All four of your final submitted queries should contain a JOIN and AGGREGATION.
At least two of your final submitted queries should contain either a subquery OR a CTE.
At least one of your final submitted queries should contain a Window Function.
At least one column generated by the Window Function should be included in one of your final visualization.
